Hello Samuel

I am so happy to meet you in hello talk.
I am so happy to have met you in HelloTalk
I am so happy I met you in HelloTalk

I am lucky that you be my friend, now I have a kid friends, hahaha.
I am lucky that you're my friend, now I have a kid friend hahaha.
I am lucky that you're my friend, now I have a kid as a friend hahaha.
I am lucky that you're my friend, now I have a baby friend hahaha.

I know last days I was a little bit angry with you, but do not worry I am very crazy.
I know the last few days I was a little bit angry with you, but don't worry, I am very crazy.

Sometimes I do not want to talk because I have many thoughts surrounding my mind.
Sometimes I don't want to talk because I have a lot of things going on in my mind.

Maybe you will think, she is dement, if you are thinking that you are right hahaha.
Maybe you will think, "she is a demon". If you are thinking that then you are right hahaha.

I am a complicated girl, it is because I believe the friendship is beautiful and amazing.
I am a complicated girl, I believe our friendship is beautiful and amazing. (our friendship)

I also think friendship is unique and it has a strong connection between two persons that really value it.
I also think our friendship is unique and that we have a strong connection, and that we both really value it. (our friendship)


I never thought a good friend in that app.
I never thought I would find a good friend in this app.
I never thought I would meet a new good friend in this app.

Today I woke up very early to start working in our website, I was lazy last days fighting
Today, I woke up very early to start working in our website. I've been lazy the last few days, fighting...

...With you for silly things when I remember I laugh, I say at myself, how you can be so bad hahaha.
with you for silly things that when I remember I laugh about, I tell myself, how can you be so mean hahaha. (Cómo malo puedes ser (yo, Samuel))

Suddenly, I laugh much, actually I laugh every second, every moment at myself because life is one
Then I laugh, a lot, actually I laugh every second, all the time at myself because life is one (Because we only live once?)

We should live happy, working hard to get our dreams, enjoying this day because we are alive.
We should be happy, working hard to reach our dreams, enjoying the day because we are alive.
 
I beg your pardon if I offended you in any moment,
I beg your pardon if I offended you.

sometime I feel alone and you know I cannot talk with my family  because, I do not have a good communication. 
Sometime I feel alone and you know I cannot talk with my family, because I do not have a good communication with them. 

from now on I will  bite my mouth before  saying anything bad word ,
From now on I will  bite my mouth before saying something bad.

I have found someone to listen me any time and fight as well so, do not worry.
I have found someone to listen to me at any time and we can fight as well too, so don't worry.

Today is last Today is last day of the year I wish the best for you,
Today is the last day of the year (New year's eve) and I wish the best for you.

I hope you will catch all of your dreams and you will be happy with Lady
I hope you reach all of your dreams and that you become happy with Lady






-----------Translation to Spanish-----------


Hello Samuel
Hola Samuel

I am so happy to meet you in hello talk.
Estoy feliz que te haya conocido

I am lucky that you be my friend, now I have a kid friends, hahaha.
Tengo suerte que seas mi amigo, ahora tengo un amigo niñito jajaja.

I know last days I was a little bit angry with you, but do not worry I am very crazy. Sometimes I do not want to talk because I have many thoughts surrounding my mind.
Sé que en estos últimos días estaba un poqutio enojada contra ti, pero no te preocupes estoy muy loca.

Maybe you will think, she is dement, if you are thinking that you are right hahaha.
Quizá pensarás, es demonía, si piensas esto estás en lo cierto jajaja

I am a complicated girl, it is because I believe the friendship is beautiful and amazing, I also think friendship is unique and it has a strong connection between two persons that really value it. I never thought a good friend in that app.
Soy una chica complicada, es porque creo que (nuestra?) amistad es linda y incredible, creo que (nuestra?) amistad es única y que tenemos una connección fuerte y que nos importa. Nunca pené que encontraría un buen amigo en este app.

Today I woke up very early to start working in our website, I was lazy last days fighting
Hoy me desperté muy tamprano para trabajar en nuestra pagina web, fuí perezosa (dificil de entender lo que tratas de decir aquí)

With you for silly things when I remember I laugh, I say at myself, how you can be so bad hahaha. Cuando me acuerdo de estos últimos días peleandome contigo por cosas tontas, me río, me digo, ¿cómo puedes ser tan malo? hahaha.

Suddenly, I laugh much, actually I laugh every second, every moment at myself because life is one. (Suddenly?) Me río mucho, en realidad cada segundo, a cada momento (me río de mí porque sólo tenemos una vida???)

We should live happy, working hard to get our dreams, enjoying this day because we are alive.
Deberíamos vivir felices, trabajar fuerte para alcanzar nuestros sueños, disfrutar hoy porque estamos vivos.

 

I beg your pardon if I offended you in any moment ,sometime I feel alone and  you know I cannot talk with my family  because, I do not have a good communication.  from now on I will  bite my mouth before  saying anything bad word , I have found someone to listen me any time and fight as well so, do not worry.

Disculpame si te ofendí en cualquier momento, a veces me siento sola y sabes que no puedo hablar con mi familía porque, no tengo buena comunicación (comunicación con ellos?). Desde ahora voy a cuidar anted de decir algo malo. Encontré una persona que me escucha en cualquier momento y con quién pelear igualmente, no te preocupes (yo?)

 Today is last day of the year I wish the best for you, I hope you will catch all of your dreams and you will be happy with Lady. Hoy es el último día del año (hoy es nuevo año, creo que así lo dicen en español), espero que alcanzes todos tu sueños and que estés feliz con Lady.